the core is an american science fiction
disaster film that you can't take your
eyes off of
every moment the film begins with the
scenes of death and destruction
birds begin to crash everywhere causing
chaos among citizens and even dozens of
people dying without any reason
for this reason the government holds an
emergency meeting among the best
scientists in the world
to find out what is going on here we
meet dr josh keys
a geophysicist working at a university
in that city
after a series of strange events around
the world he realizes that it can be
caused by an electromagnetic pulse
he does his best to accurately calculate
the found data
and identify the worst possible scenario
the earth's core
has stopped rotating which will cause a
terrible natural disaster in the next
few months
and will suppress all life on earth with
the help of dr
zimsky a geologist having a great
influence on the public
he will clearly explain to advanced
leaders what will happen to the core of
the earth
dr zimski and dr josh give an example to
have an overview of this problem
according to expert josh even if we have
a perfect plan to recover the earth's
core
we cannot enter it and return safely
because the pressure inside the earth is
too great
this is impossible on the contrary
zimski says that it is certainly
possible and this hypothesis does exist
as well the purpose of this dangerous
mission is to detonate the bombs
sent inside the center of the earth and
then the earth's core will be
reactivated
the entire world will be saved from
destruction
they go to the salt flats in utah to
meet dr brazelton
who invented a laser that melted rocks
and helped us easily enter the core of
the earth
in addition he also invented a new
material that helps you avoid the burn
caused by the underground temperature
it is a harmonious combination of
titanium crystals
and they are structured as a matrix that
can withstand temperatures below
zero it is estimated that ship
construction will take
many years but if you need to complete
within three months
it will likely cost up to 50 million
dollars
however based on this situation it is
not worth it
they start looking for companions like
astronaut rebecca childs
who excelled in the emergency landing of
the shuttle endeavour in los angeles
dr serge levesque a nuclear weapons
specialist
and the world's best hacker called rat
and commander robert
the first incident happens when the ship
virgolo is trapped in a cave filled with
adamantium
preventing the ship's turbine propellers
from working at that moment
we need a brave man to go out and cut
the stone however
lava starts to flow down from the hole
caused by the ship
unfortunately this results in the death
of commander bob
the next day they continue with the
mission while passing giant diamonds
the ship is suddenly bumped by one of
those diamonds leading to a broken ship
compartment
this once again causes another death of
dr sears levesque
afterwards josh realizes that the
density of the core is far different
from what they expected
so the prepared bombs will not be enough
to reactivate it
sometime later zimski comes up with a
secret project
called destiny with the aim of returning
in case the mission fails
because they disagree with this plan
they have a conflict however
the government agrees with zimsky's idea
and starts to implement that campaign
when the crew performs new calculations
of fluid dynamics
they discover that if they place the
bombs in different parts of the earth's
center
the core will be reactivated facing with
the urgent situation
hacker rat accesses the system and
deactivates it
difficulties continue to come to the
geophysical group
virgolo was not designed to separate the
compartments
so the ship's navigation is broken
during the separation
once again they need someone to go
outside and repair it dr braz is chosen
in the match drawing game
braz enters the cabin over 5000 degrees
to repair
and in the end he cannot stand he
sacrifices himself to save millions of
people around the world
a small error in the calculations
revealed that the last bomb
needs to be 30 percent more powerful so
they must use the plutonium from the
fuel of the ship
that means no one can return because the
fuel to get back
is not enough when the penultimate
compartment is in the process of
dismantling
dr zimsky is stuck rebecca and josh have
to make the final decision
it must be dismantled the earth's core
has been restarted
everyone in the research bureau is
overjoyed fortunately
josh comes up with an idea that we
should use the energy from the core to
reactivate the ship's system
and this allows them to return faster
than expected
at the end of the movie hacker rat
discloses the mission file destiny to
everyone
and thanks deeply to our heroes